Return of the Ancients adds challenges for the
first time in a Path of Exile 2 league. You
can earn pieces of the Alder Knight armor set for every two challenges you complete,
so it's worth giving them a try. To check your
challenge progress and the
requirements to complete them,
press the H button to open the challenges screen. There
are a total of eight challenges, ranging from
easy to quite difficult.
To complete Rune Seeker, you need to find remnants with
more slots and craft
items. Crafting
seven slots is a fairly difficult challenge,
featuring six waves of enemies. You will need considerable skill to
take on this battle. There are
several optional bosses throughout the campaign.
To complete Hunter's challenges, you need to
hunt six of them. The
last two, The Last Strike, Acti and the
Sandworm, Anandor, can be
difficult to find in Kali's Crossing. To
track these bosses,
follow them along the dried-up riverbed, eventually reaching the
arena.
Ascendant's challenges
require you to earn all eight points in the Ascendancy class by completing the Ascendancy Trials.
Earning the last point can be quite challenging.  You need to
either defeat Zarok in the fourth level of the Trials of Sekema, or
find all three keys in the Trials of Chaos and defeat the Trial Master. Of
these two, the Trials of Chaos will take a very long time as you will need to
run through the trial multiple times. However, the
Trials of Sekema are more difficult.
So you must decide which path to take.
Relicual is simple; you just need to
identify 50 different types of unique items. Having
trouble finding unique items?
Atlas Master Jad has many abilities specializing in discovering unique items.
To complete Artisan, you will
need to use multiple different types of crafting items, all
of which can be obtained in Remnant Encounters.
To complete Cartographer, you will
need to fully allocate the entire Atlas tree,
all 300 nodes. You can complete it by
completing all the maps within the fortress, although this will take
time. There are
other ways as well. Each time you
defeat an Arbiter of Divinity, you can
automatically complete a large area of ​​the fortress.
By finding citadels in Atlas, you can
find the keys needed for the challenge.
Each citadel
emits a glowing beam that can be seen even through the fog. You can complete the entire fortress
by fighting the boss four times.
Last but not least, there
is Vanquisher, which you should never miss.
This challenge requires you to defeat three pinnacle bosses, which will be the
most difficult battles in the game. These are
Tangmazu,
the Bodach,
and Vessel of Kulemak, which are
pinnacle bosses from Delirium and the Ritual Abyss League, respectively.
To complete this challenge, you will need to complete three quest lines. The
important thing about the Kula Mak Vessel fight is that you
need to defeat the fully powered version. You will need to
return the fingers during the boss fight, risking not getting any items, and
somehow defeat the boss. As I
mentioned before, you will receive a piece of
armor set for every two challenges you complete. You do not
need to complete all the challenges to get some of the rewards,
but if you do complete all the challenges, you
can show off your skills, as it will be displayed to
everyone in global chat or on the forums as to how many
challenges you have completed.
In addition, you will be able to decorate your hideout with this totem ornament, so
anyone who visits your hideout to trade with you will see that
you have joined and conquered the league. Try taking on
these challenges in Return of the Ancients on May 30th JST.
Thanks for watching, see you then
!